To help explain what Blackbeard is and how we can help you as a developer I will take you through 2 common use cases for the platform. The first use case will be you as a user with a small NodeJS app and the second use case will be a more advanced PHP application hosting a travel companies website.

Of course we assume you are an existing Blackbeard user :) We also assume your account has sufficient credit to run your new containers.

# Simple node App
As a node developer you have created a simple app in a Docker container on your local machine. The container is complete and you are completely happy with it so you decide to deploy it to online for your friends to access. Before you go ahead and push the app to us it will be worthwhile here to find out how much usage you will require.

To find out how much usage the container will use it is important to look into its rumtime metrics. The correct way to find these metrics is to use the `docker stats` command, which will present you with the CPU and RAM usage of the running container. While looking at these stats and accessing the node application you should see what level of hosting is required.

By running the `docker stats` command and accessing the application you can see that the memory usage never rose above 70 MB. Because of this the entry level hosting, which provides 256 MB of RAM is selected for your app. If your application was more complex you may want to test it properly using an external utility, such as the "Simple docker stress test and monitoring tools" provided by Spotify.

Summary:
- `docker push`
- Hosting levels (256 MB, 512MB and 1GB)
- Runtime metrics

# Travel Website
Let's imagine for a second you work for a travel company. The company is doing well with it's physical store front and you have created a website to further advertise the services provided. After the website was launched last year it opened the door to receiving payments for the customer's trips on the website and traffic steadily increased to 500 unique visitors per day.

The original server provider and the general structure of the web application were put to the test with this increase in traffic. This lead to slow load times and complaints about the website started rolling in. As the go-to-IT-guy at the travel company you have been put in charge of finding a more reliable and flexible platform to host version 2 of the website.

You treat this new version of the site as an opportunity to Dockerize the web application. After programming your little heart out you have a fully functional website in the form of a Docker container.

During the development you have been connecting to a local MariaDB database instance, which won't help you online. To combat the access here you have decided to host your MariaDB database in an Amazon Web Services instance. Running a m1.medium instance on AWS with MariaDB 10.0.10 on Ubuntu 14.04 ensures you will have a fast database to complement your new version of the website.

To closely monitor the new application and ensure that it doesn't go down again you have decided to use New Relic to receive notifications of issues. To improve simplify the deployment process CircleCI is used so that future changes to the app will be seemlessly integrated into the live site. As discussed in the previous example you use external tools to stress test your Docker container and realise you are better off selecting the 1 GB usage level to ensure you don't receive any angry emails every again :P

After you are happy with the full functionality of your application, including the monitoring and deployment processes, you decide to push your Docker image to us. After a `docker push` you log into the site and have the option to start the image as a container. The physical store front of the travel business is in Hamburg, Germany, so you select as your preferred region on our website *Western Europe*. With a click of your mouse you finish the process and are given a domain to update your DNS entries to point to.

Summary:
- External MariaDB hosting
- New Relic, Circle CI and Runtime metrics
- Deployment region selection
- DNS update

# fin
I hope from reading these 2 examples of potential uses for Blackbeard you have a better understanding of the service we are providing. The tl;dr of this entire post could be *if you have a container push it to us and we will host it*.

-James

* Amazon Web Services MariaDB: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/seller-profile/ref=portal_seller_url?id=86b7bfa0-af85-4bfa-b735-e719e6fce277
* Docker Runtime Metrics: https://docs.docker.com/articles/runmetrics/
* Spotify's Docker Stress Test: https://github.com/spotify/docker-stress
* New Relic: http://newrelic.com/
* CircleCI: https://circleci.com/
