Hi, I am Kevin and together with my friend James has we started Blackbeard, where we are going to provide server hosting based on containers. Simple and easy, right? But you may ask why another server hosting provider, isn't there enough of them? Let me try to explain it a bit further.

## What we are doing

There is a new technology concept called software containers, and because of a company called Docker, it has become really accessible and easy to use. The idea is how, just like with real shipping containers, it does not matter what you put inside it always looks the same from the outside. The same with a software container it does not matter what you put inside, it always runs the same. It is easy to move around and it is lightweight, which means that you can run many of them together.

But there is a problem with software containers in that it is very difficult to publish them online! We just wanted the simplest hosting solution, which took advantage of all the benefits of containers. We have a lot of experience building websites but do not like all the time we were spending maintaining and ensuring our websites are up. We searched and tried a lot of different solutions online but all of them were either too complicated or were not providing a robust-enough platform.

The problem with the existing complicated solutions is that there is too much custom configuration and that should not be needed if done correctly. The problem with the other solutions is that they would often only offer to help you maintain your own servers. The problem with that is that if a server goes down or needs to be updated, it becomes your problem. So there is still too much work to do compared with what could be offered.

## The solution

We are providing a full-service solution to developers, so the only thing that they have to focus on is their website! We will take care of all the rest which includes provisioning of hardware, software configuration, updates, secure deployment, load-balancing (which means redirecting traffic to the website) and much more. All the developer has to do is to push the software container to us and we give back a public URL where it can be accessed. It can't be any simpler and if you want to update the website, all you have to do is just push an update to that container and we will handle the rest. We will spin up that new container and take down the old ones, without you having to do anything.

## Who are we?

A quick description, so you know who is behind Blackbeard. We are two guys that both lives in Copenhagen (sadly no pirate background), where we currently work from a coworking space called FoundersHouse. FoundersHouse is a really awesome startup community. It is so much better than sitting a home by yourself all day and if you find yourself in Copenhagen you should come by!

## Blackbeard the company

Even though the company name is the name of a famous 18th-century pirate, our company is very serious on tackling this problem with container hosting. We did however choose Blackbeard because we all know that Blackbeard's ships were faster and more stable than anybody else out there on the sea and we aim for no less than providing the fastest and most stable platform for you to publish your website on! So have no fear and if you have any questions, please email me at kevin@blackbeard.io! We are looking forward to working with you!

-Kevin
